# Longana-Lisp-
Two player dominoes game. The objective of this game is to score the most points on each round. Two players play this game - one player will be the human user of your program, and the other player will be your program/computer. The two players will play a "tournament", consisting of one or more rounds. Each round will consist of the two players playing till one player has played all the tiles or neither player can play. The game uses one double-six set. A double-six set contains 28 tiles. Each tile has two ends, each end containing 0-6 pips. In the first round of the tournament, 6-6 is the engine or starting tile. In the next round, 5-5 is the starting tile and so on till 0-0 for the 7th round and back to 6-6 for the eighth round. At the start of each round, each player draws 8 tiles from the shuffled set. The remaining tiles in the shuffled set form the boneyard or stock. The player who has the engine for the round places it, and is the first player of the round. If neither player has the engine, the two players pick up a tile each from the boneyard. They repeat this until one of them has the engine. Left side of the engine is the human player's side and right side is the computer's side. If one player empties his/her hand, the player wins. The player gets points equal to the total pips on all the tiles still in the opponent's hand. If both the players pass, the sum of all the pips on all the tiles in each player's hand is calculated. The player with the smaller sum wins. The winner gets points equal to the opponent's sum. If both the sums are the same, it is a draw and neither player gets any points. The score of the winner is announced at the end of each round.
